It's too much.
In the Ye family's company
How dare you say that Miss Ye is too much?
Who gave you the guts?
He's not a lady, I'm not
Are you
Tell you about this poor bastard
This bag is my dad
That's the chairperson of the Ye Group
Ye Shoufu gave it away.
That's what my dad does
No matter how jealous your dad is, he won't be the richest man
Ye Qiuyan, hurry up and throw away your fake bag.
Don't embarrass yourself here.
It's still an eyesore to put away
I can't stand the sand in my eyes
Come on, sister, in front of you
I've dealt with the eyesore trash for you.
Garbage should be in the trash can.
These are my personal effects
Why do you do it at will?
What are you?
In the Ye family's company
Making the eldest lady feel at ease is the most important thing
Don't say I lost your broken bag and made the eldest lady unhappy.
You lost your job
Carrying a fake bag and yelling
Dozens of dollars for a fake bag is so rare.
Poor people have shallow eyelids
Don't shout thief here
This bag is on sale in limited quantities.
Only one is distributed in the whole city.
I can prove that mine is true.
It's you
Where did the fake come from?
There's something else.
I just bought it on Taobao group.
How can I know that you will not send it?
Even if only one is true
It must also be in the hands of the eldest lady
What are you pretending to be?
Yes, it's impossible for me to carry a fake bag.
This brand of bag
There are anti-counterfeiting labels on the internal labels
Whether it is true or false, you will know by scanning it with your mobile phone.